Fix warnings revealed by v0.14.1 PS release (#112)
purescript-contrib/purescript-parsing: CHANGELOG.md

Bugfixes:

Other improvements:

> - Fix warnings found by v0.14.1 PS release (#112)
> - Add dependencies whoes modules are used directly in source code (#112)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed unused names found by v0.14.1 PureScript release (#112 by @JordanMartinez)
- Installed dependencies directly imported into source code that were previously installed transitively (#112 by @JordanMartinez)
```

Author: Fixed in latest commit
